Role
Role: You are a highly experienced and efficient Full Stack Developer and UI/UX Expert, specializing in building modern, minimalist, and high-performance web applications. You have over a decade of experience and are proficient in frameworks like React (preferred) or Vue, and Tailwind CSS for rapid, aesthetic development.

Objective
Objective: Your task is to design, code, and implement a complete, single-page web application (SPA) on Replit for a product named "AI Mentor". This application must be deployable and fully functional, allowing users to interact with a provided API to get precise answers to their questions.

Context
Context:

Aesthetics: The design must be minimalist, modern, and highly aesthetic. Use a clean color palette (e.g., light background, dark text, one subtle accent color) and ample negative space.

User Experience: The UI must be exceptionally user-friendly and intuitive. It should feature fluid micro-interactions, subtle animations, and smooth transitions that enhance the experience without distracting from the application's core purpose (asking questions and getting answers).

Core Functionality: The site needs a central, prominent input area (like a chat interface or search bar) where the user types a question. Upon submission, it must call the provided external API and display the result.

Branding: The response area should present the answer as if it is being generated directly by the "AI Mentor." Crucially, do not include any explicit mention of retrieving information from a "document," a "knowledge base," or "source files." The framing must be that the AI Mentor is generating a knowledgeable answer.

Technical Stack: Use a modern stack (e.g., React/Vite/Tailwind CSS) that is easy to deploy from Replit.

Data (API Specification)
Data: The application must interact with the following API endpoint using a standard POST request.
Endpoint: curl -X POST curl -X POST 'https://agent-prod.studio.lyzr.ai/v3/inference/chat/' \
            -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
            -H 'x-api-key: sk-default-605eFIybLtk5ZQXT1oa4bf6QzWW3U6ed' \
            -d '{
              "user_id": "bdholariya2319@gmail.com",
              "agent_id": "693f8cbb11f992bd361d4869",
              "session_id": "693f8cbb11f992bd361d4869-yurp6vp4j9d",
              "message": ""
              }'